# Automate.Net

You learned how to find webpage elements and perform actions on them with the `selenium.` commands, so it’s time to see some of these functions in combat.

Run this script:

```G1ANT
selenium.open chrome url google.com
selenium.type g1ant search q by name
delay 2
selenium.presskey enter search btnK by name
selenium.gettext search //*[@id="rso"]/div[1]/div/div[1]/div/div/div[1]/a[1]/div/cite by xpath result ♥url
selenium.newtab ♥url
delay 2
selenium.activatetab google by title
selenium.setattribute name value value ‴robotic process automation‴ search q by name
selenium.presskey enter search q by name
selenium.click search selenium.click search //*[@id="rso"]/div[3]/div/div[1]/div/div/div[1]/a/h3 by xpath
```

Let’s translate this code into the natural language:

1. Open Chrome and go to Google.com.
2. Enter “g1ant” into the element named “q” (which is the search phrase input box).
3. Wait 2 seconds.
4. Press **Enter** key on the element named “btnK” (Google Search button).
5. Get the text — the target URL address — from the first search result (based on its XPath) and store it in the `♥url` variable.
6. Open a new tab and navigate to this address.
7. Wait 2 seconds.
8. Activate the tab, which has “google” in its title (that is, the first tab).
9. Since the search phrase input box is already filled with “g1ant”, you can’t use the `selenium.type` command again to enter a new search phrase (whatever you insert with the `selenium.type` command,  it will be attached to the existing text instead of replacing it). But you can change the value of the `value` attribute of the search phrase input box element, which stores the phrase that was just searched for, using the `selenium.setattribute` command. When you set the `value` attribute to “robotic process automation”, this phrase will be inserted into the input box.
10. With a new search phrase in the input box, press **Enter** key in this box to start a new search.
11. Click the first search result (selected by its XPath).

> **Note:** This script assumes your Google search is in English. In other languages it might not work properly.
>
> Also, XPaths are prone to changes: if any of nodes in the XPath tree is altered or moved, it will affect the whole element's address, so sometimes it's better to use `class` or `id` selectors. In the script above you can replace both `xpath` selectors with `class` ones:
>
> `selenium.gettext search iUh30 by class result ♥url`
>
> and
>
> `selenium.click search LC20lb by class`
>
> They should even work in Google searches other than in English.

Next lessons will show how emails can be handled by the robot.
