# Hidden Credentials

Providing any credentials in plain text in your code is not reasonable, to say at least. It would be great to mask this data somehow — or better store it in a safe place and retrieve it when necessary without revealing it.

G1ANT.Robot provides such a safe storage for all sensitive information: [Credential Container](g1ant.robot-window/auxiliary-windows/credential-container.md) is a tool for entering and storing data that shouldn’t be visible to everyone, who has an access to a robot script.

1. Select `Credential Container` from the `Tools` menu.
2. Click *Add* in the Credential Container window and enter key and its value in the resulting Credential window. The key must be provided in the `ContainerName:key` format — for example, you can add `gmail:login` and `gmail:password` keys and their values to be used by the script from the previous lessons.
3. When you finish adding credentials, click *Close* to close the Credential Container.

Now you can retrieve the information stored in the Credential Container using the `♥credential` special variable and a key as an index:

-  `♥credential⟦gmail:login⟧` will return the value of the `gmail:login` key — your Gmail login
-  `♥credential⟦gmail:password⟧` will return the value of the `gmail:password` key — your Gmail password

Time to alter the script to use these credentials:

```G1ANT
♥login = ♥credential⟦gmail:login⟧
♥password = ♥credential⟦gmail:password⟧

mail.imap imap.gmail.com login ♥login password ♥password sincedate ♥date onlyunreadmessages true ignorecertificateerrors true result ♥list 

foreach ♥element in ♥list
  dialog ♥element⟦content⟧
end
```

Alternatively, you can delete the first two lines altogether and insert both `♥credential` variables directly into the `mail.imap` command, replacing the `♥login` and the `♥password` variables.

Next lesson: how to cheat in games :).